---
layout: page
meta_title: About
meta_description: Put twitter bio here
title: Fleuron Gnadekpa
sub_heading: Self-improver, Digital Renaissance Man and Polymath.
eleventyNavigation:
  key: About
  order: 2
---

It's simple and flexible enough to change if you want to, but takes away the design headache for those who just want to get something up and running.

## Past, Present and Future

### Cotonou

- Graduated from high school in `2015`
- Stayed home learn the fundamentals of web development for one year or so
- Eventually start studying Mathematics UAC
- Travel to France with Mum and family. She was on a mission.
- From Cergy Pontoise to Berlin 31/06/2018

### Berlin

- Bigger appartment compared to the house back in France
- Learning German in order to study
- Make time for web development gain
- Freecodecamp, Scrimba, GitHub, FrontendMasters sometime down the line
- Living alone in a 11qm dorm for three years
- First jobs in warehouses, fashion store thanks to Zenjob
- Eventually got a 10h/week developer job
- Second and current one since 01/09/2022

## Setting up Google Analytiics for this site

[Laravel Mix](https://laravel-mix.com/docs/5.0/basic-example) gives us a nice API layer on top of Webpack. Skeleventy uses a simplistic set up, but you _can_ take advantage of extending Mix with custom Webpack configurations, code splitting and plugins such as PostCSS, if you so wish.

You'll find the site's uncompiled SCSS and JS within `resources/` where Mix will be watching these directories for any changes. **Tip:** _it's best to always restart the server when creating any new partials or folders_

### SCSS

- `scss/` is structured into opinionated sub folders
- The `_config.scss` file is where you can change the site's colours and the utility classes generated by Gorko
- A typographic scale has already been set up using my personal favourite _Major Third_ scale.
- **Tip:** *for more scales, check out [Type Scale](https://type-scale.com/)*

### Gorko

I decided to remove Tailwind in favour of Gorko, purely for its simplicity and maintainability (especially for newer developers). Not having _too much_ to begin with and adding in what you need, will lead to a simpler, more maintainable codebase. Gorko lets you add a sprinkle of reusable utility classes to help keep your code DRY. _Credit to [Andy Bell](https://piccalil.li/) for making this handy little tool_

### JavaScript

- `utilities/` contains any global utility/helper functions
- `modules/` contains your site's actual JavaScript, all kept neat and tidy within their respective _modular_ subfolders
- You can import these subfolders into `main.js` using `import '@modules/example-module'`
- **Tip:** *you can set up optional import aliases via the `webpack.mix.js` file*

### A note on responsive images

Skeleventy doesn't have responsive images baked in, the main reason being: it's best using [CDN](https://cloudinary.com/invites/lpov9zyyucivvxsnalc5/zsykhj88yzvi0i8kugfs). Check out this [tutorial on setting up Eleventy with Cloudinary](https://sia.codes/posts/eleventy-and-cloudinary-images/).
